DTM change logs for 2026 release (#4251)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1023-3-2-add-asset-button-visible-without-required-permissions-after-reload.md

---
date: '2026-01-13'
title: Add Asset button only visible with required permissions after reload
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: ''
version: 1023.3.2
---

> Previously, after reloading the Home page, the **Add asset** button was also displayed if the user lacked the required permissions. This issue has been resolved. The **Add asset** button is now only shown if the user has the appropriate permissions, both on initial load and after reload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, after reloading the homepage, the **Add asset** button was also displayed if the user lacked the required permissions. This issue has been resolved. The **Add asset** button is now only shown if the user has the appropriate permissions, both on initial load and after reload.
```
